    Used dataset: Ontario top baby names (male)
    https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/ontario-top-baby-names-male 

    > What software did you use to create your data visualization?
    Python

    > Who is your intended audience?
    1) People who are interested in naming their babies, especially those who want to name their sons as Noah.
    2) Anyone interested in the changing trend of a certain name.
    
    > What information or message are you trying to convey with your visualization?
    The name 'Noah' started gain a increasing popularity in the late 1990s and remained as very popular name in the early 2000s to 2024.
    
    > What aspects of design did you consider when making your visualization? How did you apply them? With what elements of your plots? 
    I wanted to make sure that the visualization was easy and simple to understand while aesthetically pleasing. I used line plot as it is very easy to understand with a marker highlighting the value of each year. I also chose a gender-neutral color on purpose so that it does not reinforce the gender stereotype that blue is a boy's color. 
    I added a title, x- and y- axis legends, to clarify the information.
    
    > How did you ensure that your data visualizations are reproducible? If the tool you used to make your data visualization is not reproducible, how will this impact your data visualization? 
    I followed the 3 principles: 
    1) work programmatically: I used matplolib in Python
    2) work in plain text: My code is written in a simple, plain-text format. They can be regenerated by running the code
    3) comment your code: comments are available in the code script.

    
    > How did you ensure that your data visualization is accessible?  
    I avoided using contrasting colors (green & red) to ensure the accessibility for people with color blindness.

    > Who are the individuals and communities who might be impacted by your visualization?  
    I do not believe that my dataset is sensitive to any community.
    
    > How did you choose which features of your chosen dataset to include or exclude from your visualization? 
    The dataset consists of male baby names that were registered in Ontario at least 5 times, from 1917 to 2024. In my visualization, I only included observations with name Noah, from 1990 to 2024. The name Noah was chosen as it was the most popular name in both 2023 and 2024. The period of 1990 to 2024 was chosen as I wanted to look at the evolution from the 1990s. 
    
    > What ‘underwater labour’ contributed to your final data visualization product?
    Designers creating colour palettes for visualizations: I used this webpage to select the colors for the visualization https://matplotlib.org/stable/gallery/color/named_colors.html
