    Used dataset: Ontario top baby names (male)
    https://data.ontario.ca/dataset/ontario-top-baby-names-male 

    > What software did you use to create your data visualization?
    R

    > Who is your intended audience?
    1) People who are interested in naming their babies and 
    2) Anyone interested in knowing the most popular baby names in Ontario, Canada.
    
    > What information or message are you trying to convey with your visualization?
    The list of 15 most popular boy names in 2024 by rank, and how many times these names were registered.
    
    > What aspects of design did you consider when making your visualization? How did you apply them? With what elements of your plots? 

    I wanted to make sure that the visualization was easy and simple to understand while aesthetically pleasing. I used a horizontal bar plot by descending order to make it easy to compare the frequency between the names. I also annotated each value within the bar to prevent a cognitive load of guessing the numbers by measuring the height of each bar. I added a title, x- and y- axis legends, to clarify the information.
    
    > How did you ensure that your data visualizations are reproducible? If the tool you used to make your data visualization is not reproducible, how will this impact your data visualization? 
    I followed the 3 principles: 
    1) work programmatically: I used ggplot in R
    2) work in plain text: My code is written in a simple, plain-text format. They can be regenerated by running the code
    3) comment your code: comments are available in the code script.

    
    > How did you ensure that your data visualization is accessible?  
    I avoided using contrasting colors (green & red) to ensure the accessibility for people with color blindness.

    > Who are the individuals and communities who might be impacted by your visualization?  
    I do not believe that my dataset is sensitive to any community.
    
    > How did you choose which features of your chosen dataset to include or exclude from your visualization? 
    The dataset consists of male baby names that were registered in Ontario at least 5 times, from 1917 to 2024. In this visualization created with R, I only included 15 most frequently registered names in 2024.

    > What ‘underwater labour’ contributed to your final data visualization product?
    Designers creating colour palettes for visualizations: I used this webpage to select the colors for the visualization https://r-graph-gallery.com/ggplot2-color.html 